free money is coming your way you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you what am I talking about in this
video first we're going to look at Ubi
Universal basic income of course the
Central Bank digital currency but what
is going to take us there well quite
frankly we've already started to tiptoe
in this direction so much has been
happening inflation is at the Forefront
and I'm going to explain how this is
going to be
so chaotic your life is going to be
turned upside down but the very first
thing we must do is understand the path
to getting there and how we can defend
against it all here in today's video
let's begin okay governments across the
US are handing residents cash no strings
attached you've probably heard of this
before Universal basic income the idea
is if people can get like a base layer
then they're not going to be worried
they're not going to be concerned
they're going to do things they like
they are going to be happy and happiness
Prosperity all of these things connect
to make a better economy a better
environment for everybody it just goes
down the line there's just one problem
though uh this has been implemented in
different areas some suggest hey it's
been so fantastic but on a widespread
scale of course we've never seen that
before and in The Limited Pilots the
problem here is that we don't
necessarily have a mechan Mech ISM for
funding it beyond that let's look beyond
that because for the purposes of this
video we have to understand why would we
ever need a universal basic income what
has happened to the system around us
that things have changed a lot has
changed well we see that government has
been no stranger to waste $200 million
to famous music artists from the small
business administration of course they
put that in quote small business uh
people like post Malone okay Nickelback
got $2 million the point here is that
they threw out a lot of money and that
we were told that that would be a loan
they're going to get it back and who
knows maybe you'll even make some money
off of it hey just like the tarp
bailouts well what happened was a lot of
that was forgivable loans that's just
part of it how much government waste has
there been those trash cans that were
like 20,000 or
$40,000 we've seen literal garbage cans
just being these astronomical prices
what am I getting at hold on a second
here inside the organized crime Rings
plaguing retailers including Ulta TJ
Maxx and Walgreens you've probably seen
the videos people just walk right in
they grab the stuff off the shelf and
they go out it goes even further Toronto
police just let the thieves steal your
car this is a quote to prevent the
possibility of being attacked in your
home leave your key fobs at your front
door said one
Constable understand what's happening
here this is a degrading of the
environment of the society around you
this is going on and is very clear as
theft continues to increase prosperity
declines that's what I'm trying to show
you here but I have to show you all
these different examples for you to
understand and really realize what's
happening and then we can look at what
you should be doing but see what's
happening just let them steal your car
just let them take everything from you
you will owe nothing and be happy this
is complete Insanity for anybody who can
just zoom out and look at what we're
seeing you know I have another article
that says in
here um I don't I don't think I pulled
it up in this case here but the majority
of young people today go and get their
news from Tik Tok why is that well Tik
Tok not exactly the most legitimate
Source but they're looking at the news
they're looking at the CNN's and the
foxes and they're saying that's all
garbage that's all propaganda look at
the thing that they've been given us
through this event and that event I
don't want any part of that that stuff's
not that stuff's crazy I'll go to Tik
Tok all right and that shows us the
faith that the Young Generation has in
traditional news organizations with
YouTube now a lot of that the problem
with it all is that people have been
lied to so many times over and then it's
really all been because they want to get
the eyes they want to get the clicks and
people get tired and they switch from
one YouTuber to another and all that
they're tired they don't want to see
this well now what's happening is we're
just trying to find the truth what do I
got to do what's coming because I'm not
feeling good about this inflation is
picking up the prices are picking up
something is wrong and I'm going to
start to dig the squatters of Beverly
Hills after a fugitive doctor abandoned
his mansion and enterprising group of
party throwers slid in the front door
this is just one example but how many
times have we seen this
lady comes home she's like oh hey wait a
minute somebody's living at my house now
oh yeah you can't go there anymore this
is happening all the time oh it's only
in this one area oh no no it it's going
to be a widespread problem whether it's
theft whether it's crime of some sort it
doesn't matter it's going to continue to
spread and we have some extreme examples
of course with what's happening in Haiti
you have protest erupting in eastern
Cuba people are upset for what for their
they don't have their base basic
elements if they don't have the food
energy shelter they Riot straight up
that's what they need so that's what
this Ubi is all about but understand it
comes with strings attached you want to
know what that is hang in there for a
minute strings
attached the global Elite just gathered
at a secretive mini DeVos
right many DeVos okay so what is it this
is B basically yet another type of event
that they go they collect together it's
chadam house rules which basically means
there's no recording you're not allowed
to talk about what happened in there
kind of like Bilderberg but what happens
here well of course
they they talk about all the same things
in most of these cases they're making
decisions for what happens with our
governments and you got to understand
the corporations are no there's no
question about this I mean anybody is
still questioning it just just needs to
open up and and read um but the
corporations are in fact more po more
powerful than the governments okay there
there's no doubt if you if you look
around some of these corporations
whether it's big Pharma big Agra you
look at the tech industry how do they
get away with certain things you'd say
if I did that well that would be illegal
well of course they don't have to play
by the same rules this called world.
Minds there's so many of these things um
looking at all of this they just you
know they're public in a sense but what
they talk about behind closed doors um
it's not for you to know they make the
decisions for your life and guess what
every year your situation gets worse
theirs gets better speaking of the ultra
wealthy they're souring on Chicago's
most elite neighborhood but the point of
this is just a prop for me to tell you
that we're seeing wealth moving out of
some areas some areas that were doing
well before are starting to see uh you
know a trend a declining Trend Saudi
Arabia reports reportedly in talks with
VC firms they want to create a $40
billion AI fund AI is taking over and
what is it that AI is doing I watched an
interview with um with uh Sam Altman and
Sam Altman from open AI was talking
about what's important about AI he said
it's not the jobs that it will replace
it's the tasks that it will replace I do
agree with that I do agree with that uh
so basically if there are you know
you're turning a knob all day you're
just turning a knob well of course you
they can program that to happen but
maybe you know you're turning a knob
maybe you're lifting a switch maybe
you're walking from place to place
you're doing all these different things
there's like a hundred different tasks
that you do well which ones can the AI
replace okay the AI can replace you know
30 of those 100 tasks okay and then they
figure out how to do this and by the way
turning a knob is just like office
workers
uh been there trust me um so the tasks
will be replaced and you have to
continuously level up the tasks that you
can do or you will be replaced that's
just the way it works understand that
okay so you understand what's going on
the jobs and AI impact as I disclose
here um they're just saying job
departments um of course it Finance is
on there and so on the supply chain is
the one that at this time anyway is
better off so you know you could just
look at that different operations it
depends but what I believe what Sam
timman said is accurate and that's it's
based on the tasks rather than
necessarily the jobs itself because they
probably employers may give certain
other tasks to you okay all of that
other stuff you used to do now we don't
need to I mean I've seen it before where
there would be a process that was done
manually looking through a sheet of
paper you know you do you look at it on
the paper then you have to write it over
here on the screen that type of stuff
gone and and it was sort of an automated
thing but then they gave those same
workers other tasks to do that's good
that increases efficiency and
productivity very good stuff the problem
here with AI with robotics with
automation is the pace at which it is
being implemented those tasks are going
to be you know just coming so fast
people can't retool they can't retrain
so you better get your stuff together
and that's why I talk about um what I'll
talk about in a minute here so the what
I spoke of a few minutes ago what is the
the next stage well it's the Central
Bank digital currency they want to bring
this through they know they just can't
get it overnight so there needs to be a
crisis and that is the tool how they
will implement this Ubi most likely they
don't have to but it will be very easy
because they can say if you're unbanked
if you don't have access if you can't
make it we could just send one little
you know thing it's going to cost us
almost nothing to do this we hit one
button and everybody gets their Ubi but
the string attached is the Central Bank
digital currency and of course so much
is going into that infrastructure being
set up globally and all central banks
will be connected through this one
source um there was a lot of
misinformation propaganda being reported
that fed now system was in fact a
cbdc uh we had YouTubers backtracking on
that oh it's not a cbdc but it it does
bring us to the cbdc it's got nothing to
do with the
cbdc
truly really bad what what some people
did but they got anyway they got the
clicks um just understand this that
there is a fundamental issue that's
happening here the your living
conditions are declining and you need to
figure a way out what I love to teach
people about is online business not what
I'm doing here there's you got to be uh
able to manipulate people to be good at
at youtubing if that's a word but what I
teach people about is U you know selling
products online selling physical
products you go from online then you
take it offline and that's a whole thing
that we talk about on the Sunday
sessions if you interested uh learning
about the Sunday bus business live that
is in the description Link at the top of
the video 2 hours with me every single
Sunday where I get into that where I can
teach people in very small group Zoom
setting where I just outlin it all for
everybody on the Friday session a little
bit different we talk about the
financial aspects we look at you know
what's going on and the nitty-gritty for
two hours totally different but on the
Sunday sessions oh my goodness um this
to me I mean we've already had people
making progress and I'm so grateful to
hear about it all I hope that you will
join up hit that link in the description
don't forget to email me on there if you
just H have some questions or something
you can always email me I'm available to
you hit the thumbs up button on the way
out I do appreciate you being here and
I'll see you tomorrow take care